[Excel] (Custom functions) Update low engagement articles (#5364)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-debugging.md

## Use the browser developer tools to debug custom functions in Excel on the web

> You can use the browser developer tools to debug custom functions that don't use a shared runtime in Excel on the web. The following steps work for Windows and macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the browser developer tools to debug custom functions that don't use a shared runtime in Excel on the web. The following steps work for Windows and macOS.
```

### Run your add-in from Visual Studio Code

1. Open your custom functions root project folder in [Visual Studio Code (VS Code)](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

> 1. Choose **Terminal** > **Run Task** and run **Watch**. This will monitor and rebuild for any file changes.

Reviewer 2: Ok, this UI is actually correct. I was in an edge case where VS code decided not to load all the menu options.

### Start debugging

1. Open developer tools in the browser. For Chrome and most browsers F12 opens the developer tools.
1. In developer tools, open your source code script file using <kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> (**functions.js** or **functions.ts**).
1. [Set a breakpoint](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging#_breakpoints) in the custom function source code.

> Edit code in VS Code, save, then refresh the workbook page to load updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If needed, edit code in VS Code, save, then refresh the workbook page to load updates.
```

> If needed, edit code in VS Code, save, then refresh the workbook page to load updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to make changes, edit the code in VS Code, save your work, then refresh the workbook page to apply the update.
```

## Use the command line tools to debug

> If you aren't using VS Code, you can use the command line such as bash or PowerShell to run your add-in. Use the browser developer tools to debug your code in Excel on the web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't use VS Code, run your add-in from the command line using tools such as Bash or PowerShell. To debug your code in Excel on the web, use your browser's developer tools.
```

> If you aren't using VS Code, you can use the command line such as bash or PowerShell to run your add-in. Use the browser developer tools to debug your code in Excel on the web. You cannot debug the desktop version of Excel from the command line.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure the original statement that you "can't debug desktop Excel from the command line" is true. You can debug by right-clicking in the task pane and choosing debug to open the developer tools.

Author: Do you think it would be sufficient to simply remove the sentence?
```suggestion
If you aren't using VS Code, you can use the command line such as bash or PowerShell to run your add-in. Use the browser developer tools to debug your code in Excel on the web.
```

  
    If your add-in doesn't sideload in the document, follow the steps in [Sideload your add-in](#sideload-your-add-in) to sideload your add-in. Then continue to the next section to start debugging.
  
1. Open developer tools in the browser. For Chrome and most browsers F12 opens the developer tools.
1. In developer tools, open your source code script file (**functions.js** or **functions.ts**). Your custom functions code may be located near the end of the file.
1. In the custom function source code, apply a breakpoint by selecting a line of code.

> If you need to change the code, you can make edits in VS Code and save the changes. Refresh the browser to see the changes loaded.

Reviewer 2: This is the same sentence as earlier but copilot didn't change it. Interesting.

### Commands for building and running your add-in

Available build tasks:

- `npm run watch`: builds for development and automatically rebuilds when a source file is saved
- `npm run build-dev`: builds for development once
- `npm run build`: builds for production
- `npm run dev-server`: runs the web server used for development

> Use these tasks to start debugging:

Reviewer 2: Nice.
